retry: add page (#9849)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/retry.md

# retry

> > Repeat command until a criteria is met, usually success.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Repeat a command until the command succeeds when a criterion is met.
```

Reviewer 2: criterion?

```suggestion
> Repeat a command until a criteria is met.
```

Reviewer: > criterion?

Yep, since it's a noun.

Reviewer 2: Never seen the usage of the word.

Reviewer 2: I'm impartial but if we want complete formality rather than whats spoken mostly in every day English then criterion is correct.

> More information: <https://github.com/minfrin/retry>.

- Retry a command until it succeeds:

`retry {{command}}`

> - Retry a command every n seconds:

Reviewer 3: I think the description should be more specific, the command only retry after failures.
